Draft for new bio

"I was browsing keyvalues.com and came across digit and the description of the team and the product itself really hooked me. I've been obsessed with software for the last 10 years and it started as a way for me to use visualizations to help people understand math, it all stared with the Monty Hall Problem(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monty_Hall_problem). Our teacher explained it to me and some class mates, but we didn't get it. He prompted me to try simulating it on my calculator. And did and in implementing the solution I finally understood the problem and the people I showed the simulation to then understood well. Since then I've gotten better and better at this skill and applied it to more One of the first problems and that obsession all started with helping people vs
I was some products and came across digit and the description of the team and the product itself really hooked me. I started learning software development so I could visualize problems, making them easier to understand. Starting with small problems I would engorge myself in a problem and then use visualizations to help make it easier for others to learn. I've done this with music, words, and machine learning. And that's exactly what I want to do and my next job and I want to do it somewhere like digit. Saving money is so hard for people to understand the benefits of because the reward is so disconnected from the action. But you guys really flip that on it's head. Simple things such as the progress bar and negative upcoming really give an immediate sense of the future problems or rewards. I like what you guys have done so far and I'd love to be a part of it in the future."
